### Topic 2.1 — Algorithms with Selection and Repetition

#### 1
What is the result of the following code segment?
```java
String s \= "ABCDEF";
System.out.println(s.substring(1, 3\) \+ s.substring(4));
```
A) ABCD
B) BCDE
C) BCEF
D) BCDEF
E) ABCDEF  

**Answer:** C

#### 2
A class SomeMethods already contains the following method signatures: one(int), one(int, int), and one(int, String). Which of the following new method signatures would **NOT** cause a compiler error if added to the class?I. one(int value)II. one(String first, int second)III. one(int first, int second, int third)
A) I only
B) I and II only
C) I and III only
D) II and III only
E) I, II, and III  

**Answer:** D

#### 3
What is printed as a result of the following call: slope(1, 2, 5, 10);? (Assume the method prints the change in y over change in x as a fraction).
A) 8/4
B) 5/1
C) 4/8
D) 2/1
E) 1/5  

**Answer:** A

#### 4
Which of the following Java expressions correctly calculates $\\sqrt{\\frac{(x+y)^2}{|a-b|}}$?
A) Math.sqrt(x^2, y^2, a-b)
B) Math.sqrt((x+y)^2) / Math.abs(a,b)
C) Math.sqrt((x+y)^2 / Math.abs(a-b))
D) Math.sqrt(Math.pow(x+y, 2\) / Math.abs(a,b))
E) Math.sqrt(Math.pow(x+y, 2\) / Math.abs(a-b))  

**Answer:** E

#### 5
Given a method header public double myMethod(int a, boolean b), which of the following method calls will compile correctly?
A) int result \= myMethod(2, false);
B) int result \= myMethod(2.5, true);
C) double result \= myMethod(0, false);
D) double result \= myMethod(true, 10);
E) double result \= myMethod(2.5, true);  

**Answer:** C

#### 6
What is the output of the following code segment?
```java
String str \= "comp";
for (int i \= 0; i \< str.length(); i++) {
System.out.print(str.substring(i) \+ " ");
}
```
A) comp
B) c o m p
C) comp com co c
D) comp omp mp p
E) comp comp comp comp  

**Answer:** D

#### 7
Consider the code:
```java
int x \= (int)(Math.random() \* 5\) \+ 10;
int y \= (int)(Math.random() \* 10\) \+ 5;
```
Which of the following statements about x and y is true?I. There are more possible values for y than for x.II. It is possible for x and y to have the same value.III. The range of x is a subset of the range of y.
A) I only
B) II only
C) III only
D) I and III only
E) I, II, and III  

**Answer:** E

#### 8
What is the value of num after the following code is executed?
```java
String str \= "CompSci";
str.substring(0, 3);
int num \= str.length();
```
A) 3
B) 4
C) 5
D) 6
E) 7  

**Answer:** E

#### 9
What is printed by the following code?
```java
String str \= "0";
str \+= str \+ 0 \+ 8;
System.out.println(str);
```
A) 8
B) 08
C) 008
D) 0008
E) Compiler error  

**Answer:** D

#### 10
What is printed as a result of executing the following?
```java
int one \= 1;
int two \= 2;
String zee \= "Z";
System.out.println(one \+ two \+ zee);
```
A) 12Z
B) 3Z
C) 12zee
D) 3zee
E) onetwozee  

**Answer:** B
